About the job
C3 AI (NYSE: AI), is the Enterprise AI application software company. C3 AI delivers a family of fully integrated products including the C3 Agentic AI Platform, an end-to-end platform for developing, deploying, and operating enterprise AI applications, C3 AI applications, a portfolio of industry-specific SaaS enterprise AI applications that enable the digital transformation of organizations globally, and C3 Generative AI, a suite of domain-specific generative AI offerings for the enterprise. Learn more at: C3 AI

C3 AI is searching for brilliant and ambitious Data Scientist Interns to join our Summer 2026 cohort. This isn't just about running models; you'll be on the front lines, working with iconic global brands on their digital transformation. You will tackle massive, complex datasets to build the next generation of enterprise AI applications that deliver real-world results.

As a Data Science Intern, you are a problem-solver and a strategist. You will dive deep into customer challenges, partnering with our expert data scientists, software engineers, and industry specialists. Your mission will be to design and deploy sophisticated machine learning algorithms—from predictive maintenance to fraud detection—at an enterprise scale using our revolutionary C3 AI Suite. You won't just analyze data; you'll turn it into intelligence that drives critical business decisions.

Responsibilities

Drive adoption of Deep Learning systems into the next generation of C3 AI products
Design and deploy Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance
Collaborate with data and subject matter experts from C3 AI and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements

Qualifications

Pursuing MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent field
Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning)
Experience with prototyping languages such as Python and R
Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability, and statistics)
Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming)
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team
Smart, motivated, can-do attitude, and seeks to make a difference
Proficient in spoken and written English

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with JavaScript and Java
Experience with time series and dynamical system
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.)

C3 AI provides excellent benefits and a competitive compensation package, which include: 

Salary range: $6,000 - $8,000 USD per month.

At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered lunches, a free on-site gym membership, Friday social hours with food, drinks, music, and plenty of opportunities to connect and network with your team.

C3 AI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.


